README.md, before:

Bistro
=======


This project will serve two purposes, to get familiar with the basics of building an app that could run in production, and to cook-up new apps quickly by providing all the basics ingredients an app needs:

* Project layout ✓
* Easy setup instructions
* Logging
* Configuration
* Template engine
* Providing REST endpoints
* Consuming REST endpoints
* Working with JSON/XML
* Datastore (Kafka, Mongo, Redis ...)
* Dependencies
* Virtual Environment for Python
* Packaging (e.g. .deb package)
* Docker dev environment
* Salt state
* Build script for CI. Integrate with Jenkins or TravisCI.
* Unit tests
* Cucumber tests (i.e. behave)

Getting started 
---------------

To get started:

1. Install the GitHub Desktop client or command-line Git
2. Clone this project
3. Start a branch
4. Familiarize yourself with Markdown syntax, and finish all the TODOs
5. Submit a pull request from your branch to master

```
git clone https://github.com/rgorsuch/bistro
```

You may find it helpful to install a Markdown previewer like "MacDown" or "MarkPad"
```
Project layout
--------------

Next let's setup a typical project layout. Checkout the project layout [guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/writing/structure/) and then setup here with the necessary files for:

* License
* A module named "module"
* A package named "package" with "core" and "helpers" modules.
* Pip requirements list
* Makefile with two targets for "test" and "init"
* Directories for "docs" and "tests"
* Add at least one function in each of the 3 modules we created above, and then add instructions in the README.md about how to run them.


Project layout
--------------

Next let's setup a typical project layout. Checkout the project layout [guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/writing/structure/) and then setup here with the necessary files for:

* License
* A module named "module"
* A package named "package" with "core" and "helpers" modules.
* Pip requirements list
* Makefile with two targets for "test" and "init"
* Directories for "docs" and "tests"
* Add at least one function in each of the 3 modules we created above, and then add instructions in the README.md about how to run them.

Then send all this back to me with a pull request.

Commit message:

Made Changes to the Readme file to add virtualenv and requirements.txt

README.md, after:

Bistro
=======


This project will serve two purposes, to get familiar with the basics of building an app that could run in production, and to cook-up new apps quickly by providing all the basics ingredients an app needs:

* Project layout ✓
* Easy setup instructions
* Logging
* Configuration
* Template engine
* Providing REST endpoints
* Consuming REST endpoints
* Working with JSON/XML
* Datastore (Kafka, Mongo, Redis ...)
* Dependencies
* Virtual Environment for Python
* Packaging (e.g. .deb package)
* Docker dev environment
* Salt state
* Build script for CI. Integrate with Jenkins or TravisCI.
* Unit tests
* Cucumber tests (i.e. behave)

Getting started 
---------------

To get started:

1. Install the GitHub Desktop client or command-line Git
2. Clone this project
3. Start a branch
4. Familiarize yourself with Markdown syntax, and finish all the TODOs
5. Submit a pull request from your branch to master
6. Create a Virtual Environment with the following steps


To download the project:

```
git clone https://github.com/rgorsuch/bistro
```


Once in the project, create a working directory:

```
virtualenv -p python3 venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

You may find it helpful to install a Markdown previewer like "MacDown" or "MarkPad"

Project layout
--------------

Next let's setup a typical project layout. Checkout the project layout [guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/writing/structure/) and then setup here with the necessary files for:

* License
* A module named "module"
* A package named "package" with "core" and "helpers" modules.
* Pip requirements list
* Makefile with two targets for "test" and "init"
* Directories for "docs" and "tests"
* Add at least one function in each of the 3 modules we created above, and then add instructions in the README.md about how to run them.


Then send all this back to me with a pull request.
